as TV's favorite dancing show continues
to be dogged by infidelity experts
studying the so called strictly curse
have been unable to fathom how two
people spending days rubbing their
genitals together to romantic music
could possibly end up shagging it's a
total mystery you know the strictly
curse really is up there alongside UFOs
yetis the Bermuda Triangle some sort of
richer ice form of sex or the skin type
costumes amplify was already what a wild
emotional journey and certainly outside
of strictly celebrities never ever have
affairs I mean we love them because
they're loyal selfless well-balanced
people not insecure freaks who crave the
love of strangers so given all that we
think the studio's want to buy sex
ghosts to help explore the curse of
Strictly we met two of this year's
contestants dance professional Mary
Fisher and her celebrity partner Steven
Malley a comedian best known for
supporting lemak at the Shropshire
Playhouse in 2013 a Kimmel rationally
explain all these affairs because
ballroom dancing is a wholesome family
fun it's it's a bit sexy perhaps but in
a very subtle way I have no idea why
people end up having affairs and we go
up and then we go around we go around
yeah and we keep going wrong yeah
imagine I have a fire in my vagina and
you can restore it you're growing yes
you look in here and also down
yeah my wife and I were laughing about
the so-called curse actually yeah she
loves Mary yeah she even has a nickname
for her she calls her a toxic cow she's
so funny I love her to wit friends even
though she's older and has couple of
kids but she's still in very good shape
considering now why don't I try sticking
my thigh between your legs
yes it seems we'll never know how these
relationships turns sexual that
friendship scene does genuinely sweet as
Tess Daly's smile you know the real
straight liquor Susan is that one third
of the presenters have died
more from us later
[Applause]
[Music]